I believe that's it for this,
so we can go ahead and perform another test.
However, the stack already exist.
So now we need to do a update stack,
not a create stack.
Another thing important to mention is that when we're creating this resources,
it knows that it needs to wait for
the Internet gateway to be created and operational before it gets attached to the VPC.
The same thing for the VPC.
It will not attempt to do an attachment unless
it can find the VPC and it's already operational.
So let's save our file,
and let's try to run the updates script this time.
The parameters remain the same,
we're going to use the same stack that are already exist,
which is ourdemoinfra, and the same files.
Let's see what happens.
We get a stack ID, which is a confirmation that it is updating the already existing one.
So let's take a look.
So you can see we have an update in progress event.
Let's see what it does.
Because we're allocating actual network infrastructure,
as you keep adding more resources,
the stack may take several minutes to a long time to create.
Especially when you have load balancers and all the scaling groups,
it can take a significant amount of time.
For now, I don't believe we have too much going on,
so they should finish within a few seconds.
As you can see now, we have an update_complete event.
So our infrastructure update works.
Let's take a look at the events.
Now we have an update clean up and an update complete and if we look,
we usually looking at the create_complete.
Yes, we have an InternetGatewayAttachment,
and we have an InternetGateway created.
So now we have our VPC,
associated with an InternetGateway which allows for inbound and outbound traffic.